# SpreeVpago

Introduction goes here.

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:

    ```ruby
    gem 'spree_vpago', github: '[your-github-handle]/spree_vpago'
    ```

2. Install the gem using Bundler

    ```ruby
    bundle install
    ```

3. Copy & run migrations

    ```ruby
    bundle exec rails g spree_vpago:install
    ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_vpago/factories'
```

Run test
```
rspec spec/
```
## Required Variables

### Acleda
For mobile
    ```ruby
    ENV['ACLEDA_MOBILE_SECRET_HASH_KEY']
    ```
For desktop
    ```ruby
    ENV['ACLEDA_CHECK_STATUS_PATH']
    ENV['ACLEDA_CREATE_SESSION_PATH']
    ```
Payment method configuration:

```
Icon Name: acleda
```
### Payway

ENV configuration:
```ruby
ENV['PAYWAY_MERCHANT_PROFILE_CONTENT_TYPE'] # html, json
ENV['PAYWAY_CHECKOUT_PATH']
ENV['PAYWAY_CHECK_TRANSACTION_PATH']
ENV['PAYWAY_RETURN_CALLBACK_URL']
ENV['PAYWAY_CONTINUE_SUCCESS_CALLBACK_URL']
```

Payment method configuration:
```
HOST: https://checkout-sandbox.payway.com.kh
Payment Option: one of the [abapay, cards]
Merchant: vtenh
Api Key: xxxxx
Icon Name: one of the [payway_abapay, payway_cards]
```

#### Push Back Setting

PayWay will call POST request to return_url when transaction is completed in either form-data or json. By default, its will request with json. If you prefer to use html or form-data format, asks ABA integration team to set the following settings AKA Pushback:

```s
# push back settings
Format: html
```

Make sure to set to env as well to let our system know how to handle when ABA push back.
```s
PAYWAY_MERCHANT_PROFILE_CONTENT_TYPE="html"
```

### Note
> Most payment gateways are written in php, you might compare ruby with its php counterpart by running code in the .php file.

## Handle missing info
> Some payment gateway require email for payment info. So we use enviroment variable "DEFAULT_EMAIL_FOR_PAYMENT" as default email when there is no email provided.

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please take a look at the
[instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md) for installing dependencies and crafting a good
pull request.

Copyright (c) 2021 [name of extension creator], released under the New BSD License
